Add GitHub Actions workflow to execute the automated tests (#237)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/dev/src/development/workflow/repositories.md

    - source files for user and developer/maintainer documentation
- **`releng`**
    - configuration and release engineering files

> - **`.github`** GitHub specific configuration, like issue templates and workflows of the GitHub Actions CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`.github`** 
    - GitHub specific configuration, such as issue templates and workflows of the GitHub Actions CI
```

Fix formatting.
